Hey, 반갑슴니다
In my last vlog about the different gyms and
lifting nuances here in Korea one user commented:
"My question is, how do they (Koreans) stay so darn thin and fit?"
I think many people think that Korean food is
somehow healthier than food in other countries,
say like, America.  And in my opinion,
it's really not that true.
I mean, in America with the sheer girth of
crops and the availability of fruits, and vegetables
and now all the organic food sources, you
can't find healthier choices anywhere.
But, on every corner on every block in Korea you will likely
find a fast food joint, Dunkin Donuts, Krispy Kreme, fried chicken...
and every rice-based snack usually fried with some type
of high sodium, high fructose sauce smothering it.
Yet the rate of obesity is pretty much nonexistent here in Korea,
but things are kind of changing from what I can see.
So, why are Koreans less fat than Americans?
Another user chimed in on that previous comment to say:
"Koreans tend to be skinny as they eat less compared to
America.  Their (American's) food portions are 50-100% larger"
I can say for certain that one thing that I miss about America is
when I leave a restaurant in Korea on many occasions
I don't feel completely full or stuffed.
Even when I go and get the Korean version of a super size,
it's really just like a large.
And the sodas...there's no refills on the sodas
at places like McDonald's or Burger King at least here in Busan.
The other night I went out for a burrito, and it was tasty
but it was about the size of, like, a Hot Pocket.
I mean, in South Florida, where I'm from, some of the burritos
that you can get are like the size of footballs
I mean, you can practically have a heart
attack after eating one of those things.
And here's proof that portion size is the greatest factor for the difference:
I recently found a story about an Iowa science teacher named, John Cisna.
You can look it up when you get a chance.
He lost nearly 40 pounds by eating nothing but,
McDonald's food for 90 days.
He claims that this included your Big Macs, and your
Quarter Pounders with cheese, and all the good stuff.
And he also claims that his cholesterol dropped nearly 80 points.
Now, he did this by sticking to a
strict 2000 calorie per day diet plan
of McDonald's food that was designed by his students.
So, there you go - portion size.
I wouldn't recommend for anybody to go out and eat McDonald's like that,
but it just goes to show you that your daily portion size
is probably the greatest contributor to obesity, in my opinion.
And something that I see that Koreans have a firm grasp on.
So, Koreans stay thinner...
...for now.
Anyway, thanks for watching.  See you next time.
Peace!